Restructure Node SDK docs. (#5710)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/configuration/integrations/pluggable-integrations/javascript.mdx

> These pluggable integrations are snippets of code that augment functionality for specific applications and/or frameworks. We document them so you can see what they do and that they can be enabled.

Reviewer: We say a lot more on the node version of this page in the intro. Not sure if you copy some of that here. Also, the last part of this sentence doesn't really make sense. Suggest:
```suggestion
These pluggable integrations are snippets of code that augment functionality for specific applications and/or frameworks. We document them so you can understand what they do and enable them, if needed.
```

## How to Enable

> Install the `@sentry/integrations` package and provide a new instance with your config to `integrations` option. Include the plugin after the SDK has been loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the `@sentry/integrations` package and provide a new instance with your config to the `integrations` option. Include the plugin after the SDK has been loaded.
```

For example:

<PlatformContent includePath="configuration/enable-pluggable-integrations" />

### ExtraErrorData

_Import name: `Sentry.Integrations.ExtraErrorData`_

> This integration extracts all non-native attributes from the Error object and attaches them to the event as the `extra` data. If the error object has a `.toJSON()` method, the `ExtraErrorData` integration will run it to extract additional information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration extracts all non-native attributes from the error object and attaches them to the event as the `extra` data. If the error object has a `.toJSON()` method, the `ExtraErrorData` integration will run it to extract additional information.
```

Available options:

<PlatformContent includePath="configuration/extra-error-data" />

### CaptureConsole

_Import name: `Sentry.Integrations.CaptureConsole`_

This integration captures all `Console API` calls and redirects them to Sentry using the SDK's `captureMessage` or `captureException` call depending on the log level. It then retriggers to preserve default native behavior.

<PlatformContent includePath="configuration/capture-console" />

### Debug

_Import name: `Sentry.Integrations.Debug`_

> This integration allows you to inspect the content of the processed event, that will be passed to `beforeSend` and effectively send to the Sentry SDK. It will *always* run as the last integration, no matter when it was registered.

Reviewer: Based on the Node version, I think this edit is correct
```suggestion
This integration allows you to inspect the content of the processed event that will be passed to `beforeSend`, and effectively send it to the Sentry SDK. It will *always* run as the last integration, no matter when it was registered.
```

Available options:

<PlatformContent includePath="configuration/debug" />

<PlatformSection notSupported={["javascript.electron"]}>

### Offline

_Import name: `Sentry.Integrations.Offline`_

> This integration uses the web browser's [online and offline events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NavigatorOnLine/Online_and_offline_events) to detect when no network connectivity is available. If offline, it saves events to the web browser's client-side storage (typically IndexedDB) then automatically uploads events when network connectivity is restored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration uses the web browser's [online and offline events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NavigatorOnLine/Online_and_offline_events) to detect when no network connectivity is available. If offline, it saves events to the web browser's client-side storage (typically IndexedDB), then automatically uploads events when network connectivity is restored.
```

> This plugin does not attempt to provide local storage or retries for other scenarios. For example, if the browser has a local area connection but no internet connection, then it may report that it's online, and Sentry's `Offline` plugin will not attempt to save or retry any send failures in this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin does not attempt to provide local storage or retries for other scenarios. For example, if the browser has a local area connection but no internet connection, then it may report that it's online, and Sentry's `Offline` plugin will not attempt to save or retry any send failures in this case:
```

<PlatformContent includePath="configuration/offline" />

</PlatformSection>

### RewriteFrames

_Import name: `Sentry.Integrations.RewriteFrames`_

This integration allows you to apply a transformation to each frame of the stack trace. In the streamlined scenario, it can be used to change the name of the file frame it originates from, or it can be fed with an iterated function to apply any arbitrary transformation.

> On Windows machines, you have to use Unix paths and skip the volume letter in `root` option to enable. For example `C:\\Program Files\\Apache\\www` won’t work, however, `/Program Files/Apache/www` will.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows machines, you have to use Unix paths and skip the volume letter in the `root` option to enable it. For example, `C:\\Program Files\\Apache\\www` won’t work, however, `/Program Files/Apache/www` will.
```

Available options:

<PlatformContent includePath="configuration/rewrite-frames" />

### ReportingObserver

_Import name: `Sentry.Integrations.ReportingObserver`_

This integration hooks into the ReportingObserver API and sends captured events through to Sentry. It can be configured to handle only specific issue types.

Available options:

<PlatformContent includePath="configuration/reporting-observer" />

<PlatformSection supported={["node"]}>

## Node specific

### Transaction

_Import name: `Sentry.Integrations.Transaction`_

This integration tries to extract useful transaction names that will be used to distinguish the event from the rest. It walks through all stack trace frames and reads the first in-app frame's module and function name.

> </PlatformSection>

Reviewer: Should this be here?
